welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called ghost in the
shell from 2017.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we saw
that technology had evolved so much
in this city people can replace their
eyes on their own if they see any
problem with their eyes and if any parts
of their body get damaged they replace
it with technology and just like that
they had a gap between the rich and the
poor
the rich could change their body
according to their likings but it was
not possible for the poor
and this type of technology was mostly
seen in japan
rich people were doing so many
experiments with their bodies whereas
the poor couldn't do it
they were secretly doing some
experiments
they put the robotic machines into their
bodies
on the other side there was some secret
experiment about robots they wanted to
put human brains as the brain of a robot
they tried to bring feelings to a robot
at first they did this experiment with a
girl and she became so powerful
this girl was with her parents but
suddenly the robots attacked them and
she was injured that's why some people
from a lab went to save her to save her
life they took her brain out and put it
into a robot this was an expensive
experiment but they were successful with
the experiment after the experiment they
gave a body to the robot and covered it
with artificial skin
it looked exactly like a human
a female doctor named ouellette did this
experiment and then she called the ceo
of this lab
the ceo ordered her to send this robot
to the army and the anti-terrorist
department
because this robot was so powerful and
it can make it invisible
they can use it as a weapon
the doctor was so shocked after hearing
this
after a year we saw that robot her name
was major mira killian and she had
completed her training and joined the
army we saw that she was standing on top
of a building and scanning for terrorism
and terrorist attacks
she was the leader of her team
while she was scanning she saw that some
kinds of illegal activities were taking
place in the city
she saw that a guy from the lab was
talking to another guy from another
country
but suddenly some other robots attacked
them and killed them all except for a
doctor
after that a female robot put her hand
in that doctor's brain and hacked his
brain and then killed him
in the next scene major mira went there
and killed all of the robots but when
she was shooting that female robot that
robot told her that one day these people
will kill her
but still meera killed that robot the
army team came there and she told them
about the attack
we found out that before this attack the
lab was attacked three more times
the guy who did these attacks is kuze
after that meera recalled some of her
past memories
she lived in a room and the room was
always moving
she couldn't remember anything else
she does not remember how she and her
parents got attacked by robots
after that the army gave her another
mission
in this mission major battal was also
with her they ordered them to gather
information about the foreign spies
when meera went to the lab to get the
report she met that doctor who created
her
she told her that she was injured and
recalled her past again and again
at first the doctor seemed so worried
but then she told meera that these are
your hallucinations
after that they started to find out the
maker of that robot who attacked in the
meeting last night but the doctor told
her that it would take a long time and
that's why mira connected that robot to
her body and tried to see what was in
the robot's brain
she saw that some ghosts and entities
were trying to get her
and as a result she was so scared
major battal noticed it and disconnected
the connection
meera told him that i had found the
location and then they went to the bar
to find out more about that place
but the people of that bar misbehaved
with meera and major battal got mad at
them and attacked them and those people
also fired at them
actually this was just a trap of kuze
because of this attack major battal lost
his eyes and mira got injured and her
body was so expensive to repair
that's why the ceo of the lab told the
army leader that if you don't stop meera
then we will shut down our army unit
but still the leader of the army was not
scared of it
in the next scene we saw that when they
were experimenting on that robot they
found that the robot knew about some
secret experiment of this lab and they
got so worried about this
suddenly kuze came there and told her to
stop the experiment
somehow she hid the memory chip of that
robot but still kuze killed her
major mira went to that location with
her team and found that memory
she checked the memory chip and found
all the details about the enemy lab and
their experiment dr oulet contacted
meera but kuze hacked the brains of two
guys and sent them to kill the doctor
and they hit the doctor's car with their
truck
but luckily meera and bato were there
and saved the doctor
they killed one of those two guys but
they took the other one to their lab to
investigate
while they were investigating her major
found the location of kuze since kuze
was the one who hacked their brain but
then that guy killed himself
major mira in bateau went to the
location of kuze and saw something very
surprising they saw that all of the
humanoid robots were connected to each
other and suddenly kuze came there and
he trapped major mira
then he told her everything about
himself
he got into an accident but instead of
saving his life the people of his did
some experiments on his body but the
experiments didn't succeed
but major mira knew that they did this
experiment on her body for the first
time and they were successful with this
which means they had lied to major mira
kuze told her that they had done some
experiments like this and i'm the
product of one of those experiments they
put my brain into a robot without my
permission
but the body didn't match with my brain
they did that test on my brain so many
times
they've killed so many people to see if
their brain matches with the robotic
body
if any brain didn't match with the body
they would shut down that body and throw
away the brain and that's why koozai is
against the people of the lab
he wants to kill them all
and that's why he made a network to
control all of his humanoid robots
major mira saw a scar on kuze's body and
she was about to ask him about this
but then major bateau came there and
attacked kuze kuze ran away from there
and major mira became so angry about
this
she started to think that maybe they had
done some illegal experiments with her
as well
that's why mira went to the doctor and
told her everything
the doctor told her the truth that they
have done it because of the order of the
ceo
and the visions that mira sees are saved
to her brain artificially
so that she can fight against the
terrorists
major mira got so mad about this
in the next scene we saw that the guards
of the lab surrounded major mira
the ceo was also there they took her to
the lab and the ceo ordered the doctor
to kill major mira since she found
everything out
but the doctor didn't agree with him
instead she told everything to major
mira about her name home and parents
so that she can go and meet her parents
she also helped her to run away from
there
therefore the ceo killed the doctor and
blamed major mira for the attack
and ordered the army to kick her out of
the team
major mira went to her house and then
she talked to a woman for a long time
the woman told her that she had a
daughter and her name was motoko
she was captured by the police but she
killed herself in jail the woman told
everything to meera
actually major mira was the daughter of
this woman
the lab people kidnapped her to do some
illegal experiments on her
and after that they turned her into a
high-tech robot
after hearing all of this major mira
decided to take her revenge
she talked to the army and decided to
kill the ceo of the lab
the leader of the army knew that the ceo
was listening to everything and that's
why he found out that the leader of the
army was against him
then the ceo sent some men to kill the
leader of the army but the leader was so
smart and he killed them all
and then he went to the location of the
ceo major mira was slowly recalling all
of her past memories of herself
she went to the room she saw in her
vision she remembered that she and kuze
were husband and wife
and they were members of an anti-robot
organization
because the number of robots was
increasing day by day
they were attending an anti-robot
meeting
but suddenly the people from the lab
came here and burned this place down
they took all of the people with them so
that they could experiment on their
bodies
just like that major mira got her memory
back
and we saw that kuze was also there
the ceo of the lab wanted to kill kuze
and matoko since they were against him
the ceo activated a robotic spider to
kill them
kuze died in this attack and motoko
tried to save his life but she failed
she tried to kill that spider tank but
she lost one of her hands in this
accident
suddenly the army came there and
destroyed the spider tank
major bateau rescued motoko and the
leader of the army went to the ceo
and he killed the ceo
in the next scene we saw that major mira
fixed her body and upgraded herself
she started to live her life with her
mom
and then she joined the army team once
again to stop the robot crime in the
city
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks